# Overview
## Part 1: Motor Relays
	The relays for the motor must be capable of handling 24VDC and up to 50A through its contacts (NO and COM nodes). The relay depicted in the schematic is the 
HE1AN-W-DC12V-Y6 by Panasonic Industrial Devices. It is capable of handling a maximum of 60VDC and 90A through its contacts as well as the 12VDC through its one 
coil—it is a 1 Form A relay. It is also set up with a flyback diode which connects to both sides of the coil. Because the coil has a current rating of 160 mA when 
12VDC is applied to it, the flyback diode simply needs to resist that amount of current and voltage.

## Part 2: MOSFETs
	There are two MOSFETs in the schematic. The first one (located in the upper left of the design, see Figure 1) is meant to signal the microcontroller if the power supply is cut (presumably by way of the external kill switch). Connected to the source is 3.3 V from the power distribution board, and 12V from the power distribution board are applied to the gate. As long as the 12V continues to be supplied, the 3.3 V will reach the drain and be directed to a GPIO pin on the microcontroller. In this way, a 0V input to the GPIO pin can indicate a loss of power. 
The second MOSFET is meant to provide the microcontroller a method of initiating a “kill” to the system. 12V is supplied from the power distribution board to the source, and 3.3V is supplied from a GPIO pin of the microcontroller to the gate. The Vth of the MOSFET is 1V. Because Vg - Vs = -8.7 < Vth, the gate will need an assist to be activated. The schematic design includes a charge pump (which Keya helped me find). The charge pump when Vdd is 12 V typically outputs 18 V, but it has a range of 16 V to 21 V. The microcontroller would still drive this action because the charge pump has an input port which activates it. Even if the charge pump only boosts the 12 V to 16 V, 16 V - 12 V = 4 V which is greater than the threshold voltage. The configuration for the charge pump is based upon Figure 6-5 of the datasheet for the charge pump. This configuration was chosen because of a design choice to not include overcurrent protection and because this MOSFET would have inductive loads at its drain. Overcurrent protection is unnecessary because of how small of a resistance the shunt would have. Thus, it would provide very minimal utility (overcurrent would be triggered at 50mV across the shunt and potentially amp-scale currents meaning that the shunt would have a resistance in the milliohms).

## Part 3: LEDs
	The red LED is meant to offer an external signal beyond signals to the computer or a loss in connection to alert the team that the power has been lost. This LED gets its power from the 12V line that goes into the relays. Thus, the power to the LED is tied to the killed status of the system. However, the LED uses a voltage of 1.9 V with a current of 10 mA. Nuts and Volts magazine has posted a useful article (https://www.nutsvolts.com/magazine/article/calculating_current) for how to compute the resistor value for the current limiting resistor. The formula that it provides is 
R = Vbatt-VLEDILED.
Using this formula the resistance should be about 1010 Ω. This resistor could be sourced separately from the board order as a through-hole component.
	The green LED is meant to indicate that, specifically, a digital kill was initiated. It is connected directly to the GPIO output that leads into the charge pump which controls current flow to the motors and pcb (that receive 12 V from the kill switch board). This LED takes in 3.3 V at about 20 mA. It does not need a current limiting resistor.
